# NY COVID-19 Vaccination Appointments App
### By Lana Garrett // DH110 Fall 2021
## Introduction
> The NY COVID-19 Vaccination Appointment App is an app based on the NY government site built for the same purpose. Making vaccine appointments can prove to be confusing for those that are not experienced with technology. I set out to combat this challenge in designing an easy to use app to help allow citizens to get vaccinate and protect themselves against the ongoing pandemic. In this app you can easily create an appointment, cancel an appointmentm get information about th4e booster vaccines, etc. It is important that all members of society can use and access these resources in any state. Through creating this app, this accessibility to healthcare is truly what I had as my top priority.
## Design Statement
> In creating the app, I kept the user in mind at all times. All throughout the process of creating and ideating, I was constantly asking myself, "Is this as simple as can be for the user?". By creating an easy to use app that lets you schedule your vaccination appointment in various ways, I answered this question with a strong yes. In creating this app, I hope my target audience and users can say the same.
## Competitor Analysis
> To see how government websites display their information, specifically information regarding COVID-19, I conducted heuristic evaluations on two websites. I did my first evaluation on the New Yrok government site where one would schedule an appointment to get or renew their ID. The second site I did my evauluation on was the New York COVID0-19 Vaccination Appointment website. I chose to analyze these two sites because they both showed how an average New Yorker would schedule appointments for governemnt services. By evaluating them against the 10 heuristic, I am more informed about how these websites choose to present information to account for user experience. [Read more...](https://github.com/lanag1/Heuristic-Evaluation).
